how's it going everyone and welcome back
to my modern warfare 3 weapon guide
video series we're gonna continue
looking at the second your weapons and
this time we're gonna feature the Desert
Eagle handgun which has been a favorite
I've called you two fans since cold
roots for whenever one you should run
around with this thing gold-plated the
desert eagle makes another return for
modern warfare 3 and it's locked pretty
later on at level 76 and it's obviously
found in the handgun category the
real-life does the Eagle comes in a
variety of calibers the one pictured
being the 44 Cal Magnum but the one in
game is based on the 50 Cal action
Express version so let's get started and
take a look at some of the desert Eagles
general features first up it's damage
figures come in a pretty high at 49 to
25 as you'd expect for that hike I've
around thanks to the body multipliers
being the same as the head multipliers
at one point before it means you can get
your shots to kill in two to three to a
close range or three long range the
recoil the weapon is super high and as
you can see by the spread the rest of
these shots actually went straight off
the target also excessive shots just go
on a continuous upwards to right
direction until you've exhausted your
magazine let's go see by the eye size
picture this weapon is quite chunky and
being one of the higher caliber pistols
is held by two hands by the character
model coming so moving on let's take a
look at some of the desert Eagles more
detailed stats like all the pistols the
fine mode is semi-automatic it's got a
pretty fast aiming speed of 0.15 seconds
but it's not quite as fast as the lower
caliber pistols rate of fire comes out
at 750 rounds per minute
this is slower than the lower caliber
pistols of the p99 at five seven which
clock over a thousand rounds per minute
the like with all the pistols it all
depends if you can feather your trigger
finger fast enough to reach this number
and whether the desert eagle in
particular having that super high recoil
firing this weapon at 750 rounds per
minute it's gonna mean your second shot
and any shots after that you're just
gonna go way off target
reload time of the desert eagle is one
fastest just behind the USP and the p99
being a box magazine-fed weapon the
reload time of the desert eagle is
pretty fast
unlike the revolver type weapons of the
44 Magnum of the MP
or one - at one point nine six seconds
though it's a little bit behind the USB
five five five seven and the P 99 and
it's finish off it starts the magazine
comes in at eight rounds which is just
above the six rounds of the revolvers
but not quite as high as those smaller
handguns which come in with twelve
sixteen rounds so I've mentioned we're
all familiar with the desert eagle from
coal gt4 and modern warfare 2 in each
game is always represented with those
high damage figures which come along
with some high recoil because of that
high recoil the desert eagle is usually
a weapon that you can get away with
firing from the hip since you only need
two shots to kill it makes it pretty
deadly at close range and if you're
using it as a secondary weapon you can
just quickly switch to this thing and
going down a couple more bad guys after
you've exhausted the magazine of your
primary weapon let's move on and take a
look at the attachments that are
available for the desert eagle they are
a Kimbo and tactical knife depending
what sort of setup you going for in game
these attachments can be useful but you
can also get away with using the desert
eagle without any attachments whatsoever
as the name suggests akimbo will allow
you to dual wield two desert Eagles
which inhibits your ability to end our
sites but grant you the extra firepower
makes you more deadly at close ranges
because of the high recoil the akimbo
attachment can come in handy and that
because you need two shots to kill when
dual wielding the desert eagle it can
often just fire out one shot from each
weapon rather than risk missing your
second shot because the recoil when
using one of these things the second of
the attachment there's not quite as
useful but does make your character
model look much more cooler is the
tactical knife if you're running around
and using the desert eagle as a primary
weapon then the tactical knife is
probably more worthwhile than having no
attachments at all so you can use that
faster melee in case you've exhausted
your full magazine and need to take out
one or two more bad guys
so that's but if my guide to the desert
eagle pistol in modern warfare 3 as
always if you enjoyed my guide or lint
earthen new please drop me a thumbs up
down below help spread the word and give
my videos more exposure let me know down
in the comments which of the high-power
pistols you're a fan after you prefer
the desert eagle or one of the vulva
pistols
don't forget to come say hello on
Twitter or Facebook to socialize beyond
YouTube otherwise thanks for watching
because you're
later